\documentclass[a4paper,12pt]{article}

\usepackage{hyperref}

\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={Flying Fist},
  pdfauthor={Kimmo Puputti, Morocz Adam},
  pdfsubject={},
  pdfcreator={},
  pdfproducer={pdflatex},
  pdfkeywords={},
  colorlinks=true,
  linkcolor=red,
  citecolor=green,
  filecolor=magenta,
  urlcolor=blue
}

\title{Web Technology 2II25:\\Flying Fist - final report}
\author{Kimmo Puputti, kimmo.puputti@tkk.fi, 0735552\\M\'orocz \'Ad\'am, morocz@gmail.com, }

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\section{Introduction}

Everything that people do is somehow related to geographical
information. This is why a lot of the resources in WWW contain
geographical information. Place names, however, can be very ambiguous
and it can be hard to distinguish places from text
content. Geographical data is very linked within itself and
geographically annotated data can be easily linked together.

Our application lets you browse geographical data that is linked
within itself and also to other third party sites like Wikipedia
etc. We use the data from Geonames (\url{http://www.geonames.org/})
for places inside The Netherlands in the backend of our application.

You can search for places by their name and browse through the pages
of each place. Every place is linked to several other places. You can
also see the places on a interactive map.

\section{Data and the ontology}



\section{Tool and Technologies}

\subsection{Backend}

The web application is built in Python using CherryPy HTTP framework
and Mako templates. The data is converted into RDF and queried using
RDFLib. The triple store is read into memory from the converted N3
files every time the application is started. We also use PyLucene
(\url{http://lucene.apache.org/pylucene/}) to index and search the
place names.

\subsection{Frontend}

The HTML is built using Mako templates. We use jQuery JavaScript
library (\url{http://jquery.com/}) for the dynamic frontend
functionality and AJAX calls and Google Maps JavaScript API V3
(\url{http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/javascript/}) for
the interactive map.

The layout of the application is done using CSS.

\end{document}
